# packages in environment at /Users/yannikglaser/miniforge3/envs/faiss:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_ipython_minor_entry_point 8.7.0                h8cf3c4a_0    conda-forge
aom                       3.5.0                h7ea286d_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py39h02fc5c5_1005    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h3422bc3_4    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2022.12.7            h4653dfc_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2022.12.7          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.1           py39h7e6b969_1    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        2.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
comm                      0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cryptography              38.0.4           py39he2a39a8_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.6.4            py39h23fbdae_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.5.0                hb7217d7_0    conda-forge
ffmpeg                    5.1.2           gpl_hf318d42_105    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.1               h82840c6_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hd633e50_1    conda-forge
gettext                   0.21.1               h0186832_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.1                h9f76cd9_0    conda-forge
gnutls                    3.7.8                h9f1a10d_0    conda-forge
icu                       70.1                 h6b3803e_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.19.2             pyh736e0ef_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.7.0              pyhd1c38e8_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   he4db4b2_2    conda-forge
jupyter_client            7.4.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.1.0            py39h2804cbe_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h1a8c8d9_1003    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.14                 h8193b64_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h9a09cb3_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           16_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           16_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libcxx                    14.0.6               h2692d47_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.14                 h1a8c8d9_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h3422bc3_5    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0           11_3_0_hd922786_27    conda-forge
libgfortran5              11.3.0              hdaf2cc0_27    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 he4db4b2_0    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.4                h1a8c8d9_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           16_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.21          openmp_hc731615_3    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.39               h76d750c_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h27ca646_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.40.0               h76d750c_0    conda-forge
libtasn1                  4.19.0               h1a8c8d9_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.4.0                hfa0b094_4    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h3422bc3_0    conda-forge
libvpx                    1.11.0               hc470f4d_3    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.4                h57fd34a_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h9b22ae9_1004    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.10.3               h87b0503_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h03a7124_4    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               15.0.6               h7cfbb63_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h07bb92c_1    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nettle                    3.8.1                h63371fa_1    conda-forge
numpy                     1.23.5           py39hefdcf20_0    conda-forge
openh264                  2.3.1                hb7217d7_1    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.0                h5d4e404_1    conda-forge
openssl                   3.0.7                h03a7124_1    conda-forge
p11-kit                   0.24.1               h29577a5_0    conda-forge
packaging                 22.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh1a96a4e_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    9.2.0            py39h139752e_3    conda-forge
pip                       22.3.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              2.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.36             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.4            py39h02fc5c5_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h27ca646_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.13.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 22.1.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
python                    3.9.13          h96fcbfb_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      3_cp39    conda-forge
pytorch                   1.13.1                  py3.9_0    pytorch
pyzmq                     24.0.1           py39h0553236_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.1.2                h46ed386_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.28.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
setuptools                65.5.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.40.0               h2229b38_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
svt-av1                   1.4.1                h7ea286d_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               he1e0b03_0    conda-forge
torchaudio                0.13.1                 py39_cpu    pytorch
torchvision               0.14.1                 py39_cpu    pytorch
tornado                   6.2              py39h02fc5c5_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.4.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2022f                h191b570_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.13            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
wheel                     0.38.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
x264                      1!164.3095           h57fd34a_2    conda-forge
x265                      3.5                  hbc6ce65_3    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h27ca646_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h27ca646_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h57fd34a_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                hbdafb3b_1    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                h8128057_4    conda-forge
